Dear recipient,
Avangar Technologies announces the beginning of a new unprecendented global employment campaign.
reviser yeller winers butchery twenties
Due to company's exploding growth Avangar is expanding business to the European region.
During last employment campaign over 1500 people worldwide took part in Avangar's business
and more than half of them are currently employed by the company. And now we are offering you
one more opportunity to earn extra money working with Avangar Technologies.
druggists blame classy gentry Aladdin

We are looking for honest, responsible, hard-working people that can dedicate 2-4 hours of their
time per day and earn extra Â£300-500 weekly. All offered positions are currently part-time
and give you a chance to work mainly from home.
lovelies hockey Malton meager reordered

Please visit Avangar's corporate web site (http://www.avangar.com/sta/home/0077.htm) for more details regarding these vacancies.


bespeak plur

The Avangar page describes a process that looks remarkably similar to the Money Laundering jobs described in emails that we catch every day: From the website -


1. Our customer (located in your area) informs us about his wish to buy specified products or services..
2. We supply our client with your contact details and he transfers funds directly to you (cheque sent to postal address specified by you or via bank transfer to your bank account). You inform us the moment the funds arrive.
3. We immediately give an order to ship products to the customer. In most cases this will allow us to ship client's order on the same or next business day.
4. You then transfer the client’s funds to our bank account (or follow other transferring methods as will be stated in your instructions).

The website referred to appears to have been created only a few days before the sending of the emails.

Domain Name: jobssearch.co.uk Registrant: M and B Search and Selection Limited Trading As: M And B Search And Selection Limited Registrant's Address: 10 Cheviot Close Enfield Middlesex EN1 3UY Domain Name : avangar.com ::Registrant:: Name : LeiMomi01 Design Email : leimomi01@tom.com Address : P.O. Box 351019, Brooklyn, NY Zipcode : 11235 Nation : US Tel : 718-213-4074 Fax : +1.302-338-7956 ::Dates & Status:: Created Date 2005-09-11 03:29:57 EDT

FREE AMATEUR WEBCAMS - Young Girls Perform from their Bedrooms!


Open Webcam Feeds - FREE - Join the Community!


http://tableslegs.com/cr17/


It is truly incredible - People from all around the world are using
their webcams to get off. Now is your chance to watch Men and women,
boys and girls show off just for you. Best of all, it's FREE, LIVE
and UN-F*CKING-BELIEVABLE. Either peep in on the sexy activity or
participate with your own webcam! You've got to try this out!


Open Amateur Webcam Feeds are Active RIGHT NOW!!!



Get out? http://tableslegs.com/1m/

The people who solicit business from the clients of other sites know perfectly well that they
have no pre-existing business relationship with the recipients. Some site-newbies send just one
or two emails and are quoted on our "named" page
having been unable to read the clear terms of use of antespam protected email addresses
referred to on pages but others send hundreds of spams, examples of spam hammering below. Some
spammers are so desperate to get their spam through that they insert accents to try to disguise
what they think might be caught in spam filters and insert rubbish about Anti Virus sweeping in
the commonly held but mistaken belief that such content evades proper spam filters.
Sending spam simply does not work:
